.\" Hey, Emacs! This is -*-nroff-*- you know...
.\"
.\" gennorm2.8: manual page for the gennorm2 utility
.\"
.\" Copyright (C) 2005-2006 International Business Machines Corporation and others
.\"
.TH GENNORM2 8 "15 March 2010" "ICU MANPAGE" "ICU 63.1 Manual"
.SH NAME
.B gennorm2
\- Builds binary data file with Unicode normalization data.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B gennorm2
[
.BR "\-h\fP, \fB\-?\fP, \fB\-\-help"
]
[
.BR "\-V\fP, \fB\-\-version"
]
[
.BR "\-c\fP, \fB\-\-copyright"
]
[
.BR "\-v\fP, \fB\-\-verbose"
]
[
.BI "\-u\fP, \fB\-\-unicode" " unicode\-version\-number"
]
[
.BI "\-s\fP, \fB\-\-sourcedir" " source\-directory"
]
[
.BI "\-o\fP, \fB\-\-output" " output\-filename"
]
.BI "\fB\-\-fast"
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B gennorm2
reads text files that define Unicode normalization,
them, and builds a binary data file.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR "\-h\fP, \fB\-?\fP, \fB\-\-help"
Print help about usage and exit.
.TP
.BR "\-V\fP, \fB\-\-version"
Print the version of
.B gennorm2
and exit.
.TP
.BR "\-c\fP, \fB\-\-copyright"
Include a copyright notice.
.TP
.BR "\-v\fP, \fB\-\-verbose"
Display extra informative messages during execution.
.TP
.BR "\-u\fP, \fB\-\-unicode"
Specify Unicode version number, such as 5.2.0.
.TP
.BI "\-s\fP, \fB\-\-sourcedir" " source\-directory"
Specify the input directory.
.TP
.BI "\-s\fP, \fB\-\-sourcedir" " source\-directory"
Set the name of the output file.
.TP
.BI "\fB\-\-fast"
optimize the .nrm file for fast normalization,
which might increase its size  (Writes fully decomposed
regular mappings instead of delta mappings.
You should measure the runtime speed to make sure that
this is a good trade-off.)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2009-2010 International Business Machines Corporation and others
